what's the first day of MSI playoffs
here in Paris I'm joined by Uzi right
after our G's clean sweep of fnatic
first off is e there were many people
who said that that was a very close 3o
even though you beat fnatic what did you
think of that series Vicente Cano should
be talking about doors hear me if I
children was SM been intact Alejo
Academy and O'Connor who should
emphasize one Collins I mean see for me
yo Bahama homogeneity the
courier-journal now a lot of people said
that reckless maybe underperformed in
the group stage today we saw him get a
pentakill you were playing against
reckless what did you think of reckless
as play yeah it's a potential higher
echelon of in our heart here those
changes in Fargo Church officials that
Holohan boy also welcomed with her Casey
anyway what you love her she also said
that she nutrition meal powerful
Athenian huh sir dollar holla holla
orangey started group stage kind of we
weren't sure and even by the last day we
did not know if orangey would make it
out how do you feel orangey strength is
now compared to at the start of the
tournament irons economy I'm I said the
show da-da-da-da-da-da
channel Hanavi something I don't hunch
in jammu and she don't know your
signature so it was their home in Ibiza
almond color and just reminder that
Jordan social kind of a good idea ho now
we are running out of time so let me ask
you how who do you think you will play
on Sunday and how do you think you will
do
Toria Heydrich is everywhere watches
autumn Tapia was efficient and she
tension aho omere to me holla
brontosaurus a woman the way she changed
in her mother's hair woman just returned
to me home using you have many Western
fans may
who think you are such a great ad carry
is there anything you would say to any
of those fans Oh guys here just room
enough anyway sister no shadow can deal
with that quite often cycle MV jump over
to clear cache with all quite offensive
interesting yet Frank is way too sure
that piece I don't usually get I
couldn't jalapeno thank you so much
Susie for the interview congratulations
always great to interview you for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel I see
you there you haven't you haven't
subscribed to my channel maybe you don't
subscribe to any YouTube channels you're
not used to that functionality maybe you
just haven't gotten around to it because
you find my videos on reddit and you're
watching this embedded on the reddit
website so you don't have to click
through just do me a favor just you
don't have to support you don't have to
do anything you know how to get hit up
the patreon just click through hit that
red button that says subscribe it's so
helpful to me it'll it'll just make me
feel so much like it was worth it you
know like you got all the way to the end
of this video I know you did you're
watching this I'm aware you got to see
you sitting there just subscribe